[Music]
look jackknife may know something about
Pope's murder so don't let him wind you
up okay
he used to be a pretty decent runner God
knows who he's working for now
[Music]
hello faith
Hey
[Music]
can you find another way through to him
yeah
[Music]
yep
I know what you're here for fade beef
just tell me what occurs has to do with
Pope's murder Jack I heard a cop did it
you heard wrong then you a fan of
wrestling faith Pope was a wrestling fan
he even employed an ex wrestler to
handle his security travis Berfield used
to go by the name of rope burn is this
going somewhere rope burn well he's
really just a thug who got lucky and
sometimes people are too ignorant to see
their place always want to swim in the
big pond never see the bigger fish if I
were you I'd start with a glorified slab
of meat happy hunting
Faithie listen I don't know about gonna
rope burn straight away I'm not I'm
gonna see Miller Oh faith what are you
doing you're gonna tell him about
jackknife not yet he's still a cop no
matter what Kate says